Not supported in Core 2.2 and earlier (#19828)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/security/how-to-store-asymmetric-keys-in-a-key-container.md

Asymmetric private keys should never be stored verbatim or in plain text on the local computer. If you need to store a private key, use a key container. For more information on key containers, see [Understanding machine-level and user-level RSA key containers](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/aspnet/f5cs0acs(v=vs.100)).

> [!NOTE]

> > The code in this article applies to Windows and uses features not available in .NET Core 2.2 and earlier versions. For more information, see [dotnet/corefx#23686](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/issues/23686).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The code in this article applies to Windows and uses features not available in .NET Core 2.2 and earlier versions. For more information, see [dotnet/runtime#23391](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/23391).
```
